
 
 
Definition of text

1 a (1) :the original words and form of a written or printed work (2) :an edited or emended copy of an original work
b :a work containing such text
2 a :the main body of printed or written matter on a page
b :the principal part of a book exclusive of front and back matter
c :the printed score of a musical composition
3 a (1) :a verse or passage of Scripture chosen especially for the subject of a sermon or for authoritative support (as for a doctrine) (2) :a passage from an authoritative source providing an introduction or basis (as for a speech)
b :a source of information or authority
4 :theme, topic
5 a :the words of something (such as a poem) set to music
b :matter chiefly in the form of words or symbols that is treated as data for processing by computerized equipment text-editing software
6 :a type suitable for printing running text
7 :textbook
8 a :something (such as a story or movie) considered as an object to be examined, explicated, or deconstructed
b :something likened to a text
the surfaces of daily life are texts to be explicated —Michiko Kakutani
9 :frame of reference 2
updated to fit the women's lib text for consciousness raising —Judith Crist
10 :text message sent a text with the details
NEW! Time Traveler
First Known Use: 14th century
SEE WORDS FROM THE SAME YEAR
See text defined for English-language learners
See text defined for kids
Indulge Your Inner Word Nerd
 top-10-new-words-for-old-things-cloth-diapers
Why Did "Cloth Diapers" Make a Change?
 alt-59d50f724513d
Trending: 'Moron' Spikes After Tillerson Reports
 video-title-words-of-the-year-1066
Words of the Year: 1066
 alt-59d4fde08941c
Some Jawn About 'Jawn'
Examples of text in a Sentence
A good critic will refer back to the text often.
You can find the full text of his speech on his Web site.
the text of the Constitution
The book is mostly photographs—it has very little text.
At this point the Web site is only text. Graphics will be added later.
Students will read and discuss various literary texts.

Recent Examples of text from the Web
A series of text messages between Charlestown Mayor Bob Hall and Neace's project Hampton also show an attempt to influence media coverage.
—
Kirsten Clark, The Courier-Journal, "City and developer had secret talks to raze low-income neighborhood, court records show," 30 Aug. 2017
The company’s app, available on iOS and Android devices, launched in March to help people search for, and find, recommendations for any product or service in their vicinity, with images instead of text dictating the experience.
—
Jennifer Van Grove, sandiegouniontribune.com, "San Diegan seeks to build a better Yelp," 30 Aug. 2017
The font is garish, and the text rendered too large for the hat.
—
Adam K. Raymond, Daily Intelligencer, "Trump’s ‘USA’ Hat Criticized by Ethics Group and Those Who Don’t Like Ugly Hats," 30 Aug. 2017